docs: Clarify suggested models scope and usage (#561)
mozilla-ai/lumigator: docs/source/get-started/suggested-models.md

such the model size and the default parameters used for evaluation. These fields are not applicable
to every model, but they are included for the ones we have tested.

```{note}
These are the models we recommend users try for specific tasks, meaning they are suggested for
evaluation on user-provided datasets. Note that Lumigator may also use additional models indirectly

> during evaluation. For instance, calculating the BERTScore metric requires the

Reviewer: Not blocking, just a suggestion to be clear about how and why other models are used and what we mean by "indirectly"...

```suggestion
during evaluation, through third-party libraries it uses. For instance, the 
BERTScore metric is calculated via HuggingFace evaluate, which uses the
```
